Scheduler: Update Timelines description (#644)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/Timelines/description.md

> Timeline views display appointments as a sequence of events on a horizontal timeline, as opposed to basic views that display appointments in a calendar-like fashion. You can use the View Switcher above the timetable to switch between the views.

Reviewer: Since some readers may not be familiar with the phrase "in a calendar-like fashion", can we change it to "in a calendar format"?

> To add timeline views to your Scheduler, list them in the [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) array. You can also set the initially selected view in the [currentView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentView) property.

Reviewer 2: See my comment in the "Basic Views" demo.

> To add timeline views to your Scheduler, list them in the [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) array. To activate a specific view at application startup, use the [currentView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentView) property.

Reviewer: I'd like to switch the order of the first sentence, since it is the first sentence in the paragraph (and the second sentence  also starts with (To...):

```suggestion
List timeline views in the [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) array to add them to your Scheduler. To activate a specific view at application startup, use the [currentView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#currentView) property.
```

> For information about all supported view types, refer to the [View Types](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/) help topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about all supported view types, refer to the following help topic: [View Types](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/).
```

> This demo shows multiple calendars side-by-side (groups data by resources). For information on how to configure such a display, see the following demos:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows multiple calendars side-by-side (with data grouped by resources). For information on how to configure such a display, see the following demos:
```

> In this demo, appointments are colored and grouped according to their resources. For information on how to configure resources and group appointments by them, view the following demos:

Reviewer 2: What we call "grouping by resources", usual people will likely consider "side-by-side calendars" or "multiple calendars". Outlook never really calls them "resources". See the following article, as an example:

https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-multiple-calendars-at-the-same-time-fffa8783-0556-4ea1-ba62-3ed8a95a903c

So when we introduce this concepts, we should start with a simple phrase and only then switch to technical terminology. 

```suggestion
This demo shows multiple calendars side-by-side (groups data by resources). For information on how to configure such a display, see the following demos:
```
